My bus was cancelled so I had to get an uber and wasn't sure I would make it on time which gave me a bit of extra anxiety, and the uber took ages to come. I spent about 10 minutes deciding how to set up the room. There were 4 chairs, two larger ones, a red one, and a blue one. I sat at the back of the room furthest to the door, and left the red and blue chairs both off at slight angles so she would be the one to pick. She picked the blue chair, and it made me wonder if in the future if she's feeling more angry with me she might pick the red one instead. She arrived about 3 minutes late for her appointment. She was a slim black female, looked younger than her age, well dressed and kempt. She didn't seem overly anxious, but was quite grateful for the appointment.

LS: I apologise you only got the letter saying you were starting therapy 2 days ago

PH: Honestly I'm just so glad to speak to someone I've been waiting at least a year for this.

LS: I went through the business meeting part quickly, she seemed very keen to start speaking, I told her about the frequency of sessions, same place, same person. Confidentiality and the limits of it. I asked her if she had any questions for me and she said no.

PH: Where to start, and then "people only use me for when I'm useful to them, and when I'm not useful anymore or I need anything from them...poof...gone. And I think people think of me like this because I always do for them, all the time, but whenever I need anyone for anything they're just gone. I am only useful to people, they don't care about me or even think about me at all.
(She gave an example here I can't remember).

(I can't remember exactly what she said but she linked this to her father)

PH: He just left us to go to Trinidad, had several other kids there that I didn't know about. Isn't that mad?
And when he died I had such mixed feelings, you know you don't want to speak ill of the dead.
But I went there, you know, just to pay my respects and it wasn't like anyone there even acknowledged me? It was like I was nothing to them. Why did he abandon me for this other family. He's clearly capable of being there for people, so why never for me?

Mother sick, stroke, muchausen

If you had a chance to talk to your dad now, what would you want to tell him? I would tell him why were you not there for me? Did you not even care for me? Did I mean nothing to do you at all. Why did you even do this to me?

